[Autogenerated] Alright,
we're back in the console and we want to look at
what's going on with our pipeline.
So let's go ahead and expand pipelines and go to pipelines.
There we go and we have our VPC deploy pipeline and oh my goodness,
it already succeeded.
And that's because when we pushed are committed code up to the code commit
repository that kicked off a new pipeline run and it was able to
successfully do everything that's in that pipeline.
So why don't we just go ahead and look at what's in the pipeline?
It lines up to what you saw in the graphic earlier.
We've got our source stage and it has a single action in there called Source,
and all source does is pull that code from code commit so it
can use it for the remainder of the stages.
We scroll down a little bit.
Here we get into the development portion of things and you
can see there's two actions in here.
We saw that in the graphic as well.
There's plan and then there's apply,
and it would probably be useful to see what's actually in these two actions.
So let's go ahead and click on edit here and we will click on edit stage.
So we can edit these actions and then we'll go ahead
and click on edit action here.
So we can see what's actually in here so we could see the action is called Plan.
The provider is CodeBuild.
So we're using CodeBuild to execute an action.
And if we scroll down we can see the at the project name is VPC Deploy Project.
So that's the CodeBuild project that we want to use and then
we're gonna override some environment variables were
overriding the TF action to be plan, which it actually is by default.
But that doesn't matter.
We're specifying plan here and then we're overriding
three workspace name to be development.
So we're telling it, we want to plan our development deployment.
So that's everything that's in this one.
We can cancel out of here and take a look at apply.
What does apply, do apply has the same information.
But if we scroll down to our environment variables,
RTF action is apply and we're using the same workspace development.
If plan runs successfully, it will move to the action of apply and if apply,
run successfully.
Then this entire stage ran successfully so we can cancel
out of here and cancel out of here.
We don't actually want to change anything and cancel out of here.
Discard.
I didn't make any changes and we could see it did executable e.
If we go into services and take a look at our current VP CSS,
we'll open that a new tab so we don't lose where we are in our
code pipeline process we can now see under VP CSS we can Now see
if I expand out the name a little bit.
We have a vpc called development cache vpc.
And if we look at the tags here under environment,
its development So we successfully committed files to code commit,
had CodeBuild deploy our environment and automated the
whole process through our code pipeline.
But wait,
there's more because Globomantics doesn't just want
to deploy through development. They'd also like to deploy through you 80 and production